Greenville Community
Discord Regulations
⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯


General Conduct
All members must be respectful and mature when interacting with others. Harassment, discrimination, hate speech, excessive profanity, and inappropriate content of any kind are strictly prohibited. Spamming, excessive tagging, and disruptive behavior will not be tolerated. Jokes that are meant to provoke people or baiting/rage-baiting people is punishable. Inappropriate content is prohibited.

 Use Channels Appropriately
All channels have a specific purpose. Discussions, media, and inquiries should be kept within their relevant sections. Off-topic conversations should not take place in designated announcement or support channels.

 Self Advertising/Promotion
Posting invitations to other Discord servers, sharing referral links, or promoting personal projects without permission is not allowed. This includes staff handpicks, regardless of whether a link or server name is provided.

Unapproved External Links
Sharing malicious links, phishing attempts, or misleading content will result in immediate removal. Only approved links from verified sources are allowed.

 Impersonation
Users may not impersonate staff members, bots, or other community members in any form. Misrepresentation will lead to disciplinary action.

Political/Controversial Discussions
Topics that may cause unnecessary arguments, such as politics or other divisive subjects, should be avoided. This includes any war-related conversations.

 Doxxing/Sharing Personal Information
Don't share personal information, including real names, addresses, passwords, or any sensitive data, whether it belongs to you or another member. Threatening to leak is treated as the same as leaking it and joking about doxxing may result in a Mark or Infraction.

Discord’s Term Of Use
All members must adhere to Discord’s Terms of Service and Community Guidelines. Any violations of Discord’s policies will result in an immediate ban. We do not moderate for Vencord or minor offenses as a minor offense doesn't deserve a ban, but some other punishment. Minor offences' punishment will be decided by HR.

Staff Decisions
The decisions made by staff and administrators are final. If you believe a decision was made unfairly, follow the proper appeal procedures instead of arguing in public channels. If you argue, you will be punished.

Reporting/Appeals
If you witness any rule-breaking, report it to the staff rather than handling the situation yourself. If you believe you have been punished unfairly, you may submit an appeal. If your appeal has been denied, do not try to appeal it again. Spam opening tickets after one has been closed will result in moderation.

Misuse Of Pings
Don't unnecessarily ping staff, moderators, or large groups of members. Pings should only be used when relevant and appropriate.

Asking/Hinting For Sessions
Server staff are busy and will not always be able to host a session. A session will get hosted when it will, do not try to ask staff to host or hint at a session.

DM Moderation
DMs will only be moderated if reported within 1 day of the committed offense.

Impersonation
You may not impersonate any staff or LEO members in Greenville Community. This includes pulling people over as a staff/LEO member, claiming the identity of a staff/LEO member, or any related action. Doing so will lead to punishment.


Evidence
A moderation evidence for an offense taken place in the Discord server only requires your Roblox Username [Nickname] in the Discord Server for it to be considered valid. You must appeal your moderation if it has the required information. AI images may not be used as evidence, but if found so, severe punishments will be given out. An example of this is given in the form of an image below (Evidence of "spideranas7" saying "fr" as an example).

By being in the server, you agree to follow all these rules and understand that you will be punished if you don't follow rules & regulations, you might get moderated.
