Greenville Community
Roleplay Regulations
⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯


Server Rules
All general server rules apply within roleplay sessions. Any behavior that violates community guidelines is also prohibited in roleplay scenarios.

 Fail Roleplay
Fail Roleplay refers to any unrealistic actions that break immersion. This includes, but is not limited to:
Unrealistic driving (example, ramming into others, over FRP speeds, stunt jumps).
Unrealistic behavior (example, jumping out of moving vehicles or registering your car just when you're getting pulled over).
If something that fails roleplay or feels unrealistic isn't mentioned specifically in the rules, that doesn't mean that you can do it. You can still get punished.
You may not use bulletproof items or any weapons at all unless it is there physically in-game and not roleplay. LEO may use the drill as a taser/gun.
FRP speeds in the Highway (I-41) are 90MPH, in Brookmere & Horton are 45MPH by default. This is regardless of peacetime.
If either GVFD or DOT, or both, are online, you must roleplay all crashes over 35MPH. Failing to do so will result in moderation (FRP), without any Verbal or Documented Warnings.
If GVFD or DOT are offline, step out of the vehicle (when pulled over), and properly say "-exchanges-", and then move on. Exchanging while in the car is prohibited. Failure to do so will result in moderation (FRP).
You must spawn at Roadmap Dealership when joining a session at all times unless said otherwise by the session host.
Registering your vehicle while in a Traffic Stop is considered Minor FRP. You may only register your vehicle at Roadmap Dealership, DMV, Brookmere Spawn, Horton Spawn & Any Customization Area.
You may not bypass any red lights by making a right, cutting across the lane splitters, then making another right. Doing so will result in moderation.
Making a u-turn or turning from the wrong lane will result in punishment. The correct lane is the far lane, closest to the direction in which you are turning to. Cutting others off while turning will result in punishment.
Spawning fireworks is prohibited during sessions. If found doing so, a mark will be issued.
Placing objects or roleplay props/tools will result in moderation.

 Realistic Driving
You are required to drive realistically, so that means performing unrealistic stunts without a proper roleplay context is not allowed.
Minor Reckless Driving includes hitting others accidentally and causing a crash, etc.
Reckless Driving can include driving on the opposite side of the road, or hitting someone intentionally, etc.
Major Reckless Driving can include desyncing others many times on purpose, or hitting people head-on multiple times on purpose.
You may not go offroad to overtake someone. The only time you may go on the grass is if an accident happens in front of you without any other marked trails or roads that provide a path to avoid the accident. If you do go offroad within braking distance, you will be punished.
You're responsible for the actions that Lane Keep Assist does in Greenville. You’re also responsible for your driving at all times. Tabbing out, sticky keys, or anything related to gear is fully your responsibility.
You're also responsible for drifts that occur due to the lack of grip during snowy times, drift tires, or traction control being off.
You may not go on the frozen lakes/rivers/water bodies, as it counts as a violation of PT.
You may not lane hog. Doing so will result in a session kick.
Failure to re-merge after overtaking a vehicle within 3 seconds will count as reckless driving. Overtaking FRP speeds will not apply after those 3 seconds are over.
Brake checking counts as reckless driving. If found doing so, you will be moderated.

Restricted Vehicles
You must have certain roles to drive certain vehicles on the restricted vehicle list. If you are found driving the vehicles on the list without proper roles, you will be moderated.

 Accidents
If you are involved in an accident, you are required to pull over. Roleplay the situation if you can! You may not drive away from the accident without exchanging with the user. You must be out of your vehicle while doing so. You can exchange by saying "-exc-" or "-exchanges-".
If there is Fire & Rescue online, you must roleplay crashes above 35 MPH.
You can also exchange by getting out of your car. If you don’t have access to chat due to regional issues or verification problems, you must use the #roleplay-chat channel.

Evading Staff/Public Services
Running from staff or public services when they are trying to stop you is prohibited. You will know if they are trying to stop you if they are behind you with their flashing lights on, and they will blip their sirens.

 Improper Public Services Roleplay
Only public service employees may use emergency vehicles and respond to incidents.
Law enforcement must follow proper procedures and may not abuse their powers.
If you are being arrested, you must comply with the roleplay scenario instead of leaving the game to avoid consequences.

Job Roleplay
If you take on a role such as a store cashier, taxi driver, or bus driver, you must perform the job realistically.
Don't take a job slot just to ignore it or cause disruptions. You may open your own business like a tow company, moving services, etc. unless said otherwise by the GVC Government.

Noise Spamming
Misuse of emergency sirens is not allowed. Sirens should only be used by authorized public service personnel during a valid roleplay situation.
Misuse of the radio/boombox to blast noises or to troll people is prohibited.

Staff Decisions
The decisions made by staff and administrators are final. If you believe a decision was made unfairly, follow the proper appeal procedures instead of arguing in public channels.

Reporting/Appeals
If you witness any rule-breaking, report it to the staff rather than handling the situation yourself. If you believe you have been punished unfairly, you may submit an appeal. If your appeal has been denied, do not try to appeal it again. Spam opening tickets after one has been closed will result in moderation.

Realism
You must wear a realistic outfit or avatar while in our sessions. This means you must be a human with a realistic skin tone. Any avatars representing controversial ideas and/or events is prohibited. This includes avatars with skin tones, accessories, or any thing that represents countries, flags, or other political entities.

Drama
Unnecessary Drama is prohibited. Drama is creating unnecessary fights or criticism. Engaging in drama after being told to stop will result in punishment.

Evidence
Evidence for offenses that took place in a Roleplay Session must require a clear screenshot/clip of the offense, with the username visible.

Peacetime
You must stop at red lights during Strict Peacetime and Peacetime On. Crossing the white line fully (4 wheels crossed the white line) is considered violating the red light. You may not drive backwards driving Strict Peacetime and Peacetime On. Stealing anything is prohibited in all peacetime modes. Driving a car without the owner's permission is considered stealing. When drift is set to corners, you may not do burnouts and when drift is set to On, you may do burnouts, but no 360s or donuts.
Strict Peacetime: FRP speeds are 65 miles per hour.
During strict peacetime, moderations are doubled, and all peacetime rules are strictly enforced.
Peacetime On: Fail roleplay speeds are 75 miles per hour.
During peacetime, you may not drift, run red lights, or commit major crimes like murder or robbery.
Peacetime Off: Fail roleplay speeds are 85 miles per hour. 
During peacetime off, the peacetime on rules do not apply. However, you must still exchange, and you may not evade public services without priority. You are required to stop for staff if they try to stop you at all times.

Impersonation
You may not impersonate any staff or LEO members in Greenville Community. This includes pulling people over as a staff/LEO member, claiming the identity of a staff/LEO member, or any related action. Doing so will lead to punishment.

